Edit Multisig Page (#4662)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-account-multisig.md

using both the [Accounts Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cPiKMslZqI) and the
[Extrinsic Tab](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0vIuJcTJeQ) in the Polkadot-JS UI.

## Multisig with Multix Tool

:::info Walk-Through Video Tutorial

See [this video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APxPsawebJw) and
[this article](https://blog.chainsafe.io/multix-a-simple-interface-to-manage-complex-multisigs-on-polkadot-97328be26f9d)
for more information about using [Multix](https://multix.chainsafe.io/) for multisig accounts.

:::

> > Note that Multix is currently only available on Rococo (Polkadot's Testnet). Soon it will be

Reviewer: Thanks for the shoutout. You can remove this, it will be outdated in the next days anyway.

> > Note that Multix is currently only available on Rococo (Polkadot's Testnet). Soon it will be
> > available on Westend, Kusama and Polkadot.

Reviewer 2: Addressing review comments

```suggestion
```

The [Multix tool](https://multix.chainsafe.io/) is an easy-to-use interface to manage complex
multisigs. The tool is part of
[the open-source Polkadot/Kusama Tech Stack](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/build-open-source#user-interface).
Besides being user-friendly, Multix provides several benefits compared to the Polkadot-JS UI:

> - When one person creates the multisig all the signatories see the multisig in their interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When one person creates the multisig account, all the signatories see the multisig account on their interface.
```

> - To confirm a transaction there is no need to pass around the call data. Such information is
>   retrieved from the chain and displayed to the users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There is no need to pass around the call data to confirm a transaction. Such information is
  retrieved from the chain and displayed to the users.
```

> - Thanks to the power of [pure proxies](../learn/learn-proxies.md#anonymous-proxy-pure-proxy),
>   adding and removing signatories or adjusting the threshold is now possible without creating new
>   multisigs or understand how pure proxies work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Thanks to the power of [pure proxies](../learn/learn-proxies.md#anonymous-proxy-pure-proxy),
  adding and removing signatories or adjusting the threshold is now possible without creating new
  multisigs and Multix provides an intuitive interface to work with pure proxies.
```
